To practice the concepts
we've discussed so far,
there is another simple exercise of
a customizable bar chart component where
we're gonna make a component
that looks like this.
And most of the style is already there,
this is a little bit more code that
we've seen in other demos because I
expect you to fiddle with it by yourself.
You could also open CodePen and you can
look at the notes to see what to do.
The way we use this bar chart component
is through this HTML, like I said,
I'm using component in
the sort of liberal way.
This is not an actual web component, but
it is a usable blob of HTML and CSS.
And we wanna be able to vary how
the component behaves, for example,
what the values are by specifying
custom properties in the HTML.
And then the CSS just displays
the bar chart component as it should.
And we should also be able to style it
without having to know its structure.
The best part of this exercise
is to fill in the CSS, so
it's actually visualizing
these percentages.
The Flexbox part is already done here.
You don't need to use Flexbox.
And the second part is to introduce
properties to further customize the chart.
For example, you could use a bar
color property to customize
the color of the bars,
a bar width property,
a bar spacing property to customize
the spacing between the bars.
Or a band count property to specify how
many of these horizontal bands do we have.
[BLANK AUDIO].